I love preparing mussels I'm a fact
we're gonna do my soap on one side we're
gonna put some tomatoes and garlic in
there wait until you see I easy it is to
do the only way to do it is the way I'm
gonna show you how to do it the only way
to cooker my soul is the steam one we'll
put a little bit of extra-virgin olive
oil in there and we're gonna put a
little bit of on y'all and we're gonna
sweat the onion okay while the own you
are sweating let's talk a little bit
about muscles now you can see this
micelle is open right there now does
that mean that this muscle is dead no it
doesn't it means then she's sleeping she
or he I don't know she's sleeping with a
mouth open we can tell us what happened
oh look we're gonna wake her up okay
wake up wake up look look look look look
what up and I hope you can see it wake
up look look look she's closing she like
gave me alone I gotta go back to sleep
look look look at it that's it look t
Messel is closed that's what happened
when they relax they kind of open up a
little bit and it's no pay they sleep
with a mouths open you know and the
minute you make some noise boom they
close right away cuz alive
you want them to be alive so you check
around and if you see an open one wake
her up and oh you may you may want to
grab him and you may want to squeeze
them like that that way come up even
faster than banging on it and and if
they don't close right away put them
aside and see maybe they have a tough
time waking up and we got the onion
going out here now okay now we're gonna
put some Tomatoes you know chopped
tomatoes you're gonna put some fresh
herbs in there like fresh thyme fresh
oregano you can put a bit of parsley in
there
and you can also put a little garlic if
you're cooking for me go right ahead put
extra garlic okay and and then we're
gonna mix all that up oh my goodness if
you could smell this is unbelievable and
now we're gonna put some wine in there
another me up ever
if you cook some wine cooks mussels love
good wine they don't like cheap wine
okay give them good wine and measure
very carefully you know what if there is
extra sauce that's all
okay and and if there's extra wine
that's perfectly fine also all right now
we're going to get the wine hot so far
so good right haven't done anything
complicated now we're going to take the
methyls and we're going to put them
right in here and now the other secret
of cooking mussels folks is to close it
immediately what's gonna happen is the
wine is gonna get very hot and the
mussels are gonna say man is really hot
in here what's going on and they're
gonna open up in a minute they open the
last thing they do is they go and they
suck up this marvelous wine with garlic
and parsley and now they really taste
good and a minute they open you have to
stop cooking immediately otherwise they
get rubbery
the minute you can see the steam coming
out of the pot you know it it's really
really hot in there so you know the
opening right now they don't wait that
long the opening right now and look look
look look look look look
now that's that point we want to check
it around we don't want to open it up
until we see the steam coming out of the
pot and let's look you know what that's
it they are ready folks we do not want
to overcook them Oh baby
now let me show you the Oh hahaha this
is hot I want to show I'm gonna show you
a plump muscle this is what I mean by a
bluff muscle look at his baby oh my
goodness is that gorgeous or what they
are so plump they're so delicious
Oh mmm Oh mmm oh I love muscles
especially when they have that on you
and garlic and tomatoes in there and
good wine oh that's why you want to cook
with good one ditch right there oh I can
taste the wine in there oh yes I'd ever
I can test wine um-hmm let's put him on
the plate now at this point you want to
take your time to organize them on a
plate or you just want to put him on a
plate just simple what I normally do is
just take the time to fix them a little
bit but right now I'm just gonna put
them quick so I show you when you can
certainly take the time to make them
look really pretty in the plates we can
serve him like that or you can take them
all out of the shelter
that broth right there a little bit of
cream and you have a Mysore bisque then
he's unbelievable try this recipe
you